I got barf or peach pick one little uh
name but no wait you didn't even tell me
what you have you got that was a really
barf and that I don't like a lot of
popcorn definitely for you until eight
barf
all right that's either coconut or baby
wipes
booger repair and wipe my god baby wipe
my eyes so guys - Ryan you like you
mommy and my aunt's out right
my eyes are watering yes it is
disgusting I got baby wipes
yeah booger and I got a boy i got vomit
and then i got booger but it's either
stinky socks or tutti frutti my any
theater lawn clippings or lime chafing
lawn clippings we're home that bad
Maya my drink that's like coming back
paste that smells like your toothpaste
that's fully bubble gum all right I can
only do like one more my stomach is
getting upset a lot and I needed you to
us this is moldy cheese or caramel corn
close our eyes and pick one I have two
loud boom is either peach or barf Cheers
Oh
oh my god your client I've tried not to
throw up
hey moldy cheese is the worst one and I
got baby wipes so I've got him vomit
booger and booby cheese those are
definitely the worst ones my dang goods
your handbag the web women huh
so I'm winnin hey I'm so much done
I'm so done I can't do any more and I
need my you win no he's tell me it at
all no I'm going to do with them okay